PREVIEW: I wasn't able to figure out how to add screenshots to this .MD file, so they're labeled as "Narrative Reflection Screenshot #" in the GitHub folder.

As explained in my Intro, my visual argument targets young students and working professionals.
The message urges them to keep trying new things and to find something that works as a stress reliever, creative outlet, or skill-building tool.
I’ve met so many individuals in college who struggle with burnout and stress but lack anything to do outside of work.
They become so consumed that, when there is no more work to do, they just sit, doom-scroll, etc.
I also aimed to make this into a poster/flyer; these are common around campuses and workplaces (i.e., bulletin boards) and are easily visible to my target audience.
The bright colors are meant to capture the eye of a viewer who may be passing by on the way to school or work.

Using Gimp was an experience for me.
I have plenty of knowledge surrounding Illustrator and Photoshop, but Gimp felt completely new.
I searched for the tools I needed to get my message across.
I desaturated my “hobby” photos before applying a Color Overlay to make them colorful, and I used the Hue/Saturation settings to make the “stress” photos black and white.
Then, I copy and pasted them into my main Gimp doc.
I anchored each image to a layer and scaled them down/rotated them.
I then used the brush tool to outline them in white.
My main challenge was discovering all of these tools!
As someone accustomed to the Adobe Suite, I had to learn all-new ways to accomplish these effects.

For visuals, I applied signal-to-noise ratio by having my photos take priority over my text.
I wanted to exhibit my ideas through photos, but I didn’t think my message would be discernable with these pictures alone.
I also used contrast (color vs black and white), arrangement, and density + proximity to give a cluttered, scrapbook-y feel.
It feels thrown together and sort of "pop-y" to capture the freedom and creativity that can be found in hobbies.
This led to another issue I encountered; my “hobby” images alone weren’t enough.
I struggled to tie in the themes of burnout.
In peer reviews, my peers suggested I use photos of people struggling with burnout and make them black and white to contrast with the color photos.
This helped me greatly with the problem!

I’m most proud of the arrangement of my visual argument!
I found an effective way to make all the photos clearly visible while also leaving interesting-shaped blank space for my text.
I also learned plenty about storytelling; my peer reviews helped me show a whole timeline from problem (stress) to solution (activities/hobbies).
This contrasts with how I was only showing the solution originally.
